RHOAIENG-13399 - Deploying models in OCI container images (Model cars) GA (#704)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/deploying-models-on-the-single-model-serving-platform.adoc

endif::[]
* You have created a data science project.
* You have access to S3-compatible object storage.

> * For the model that you want to deploy, you know the associated folder path in your S3-compatible object storage bucket or Open Container Initiative (OCI) container.

Reviewer: Is it OK to say the following?

```suggestion
* For the model that you want to deploy, you know the associated URI in your S3-compatible object storage bucket or Open Container Initiative (OCI) container.
```

...because the OCI container is not in a folder. An URI is more generic IMO.

Author: Great point, thank you!
